Otherwise
You are the person chosen by the head of my Han family
You won't move for a while
you
The day I come out of the main cave of my Han family
I'll settle the bill with you again.
Then I'll wait a few more times in this world
Here we go.
Entered the cave of the ancestor of the Han family
I see what chance you have.
Old Ancestor, you must kill Lu Ran for me
Lu kill Lu Ran
It's hard to explain the hatred in my heart
Hahahaha
Just an abandoned child
It doesn't matter if I'm the only one left in the Han family
old man
Han Menglan has replaced me
I got the source of the secret realm from the scholar
The old man from the bookstore
It's under my control now.
Next, send Lu Ran to me
Your mission is complete
Pretentious but Lu Ran can rest assured
Since you want to marry his Ganoderma lucidum far
He will surely die at my hands